docs: add a note for tailwind config file in the related section (#485)
a-h/templ: docs/docs/09-commands-and-tools/02-ide-support.md

  }
}
```
:::note 

> TailwindCSS language server looks for a tailwind.config.js file, make sure to include it at the root of your project. A sample file can be found [here](#neovim--050).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tailwind language servers require a tailwind.config.js file to be present in the root of your project. You can create a new config file with `npx tailwindcss init`, or use samples available at https://tailwindcss.com/docs/configuration
```
